[thumb|200px|right|The Human Trinity symbol carved into
[Krom](Krom "wikilink")'s
forehead.](/File:Krom%27s_Forehead.png "wikilink")

The Human Trinity is a fairly recent militant human supremacist group
based out of the tri-country area of [Brinnar](/Brinnar "wikilink"),
[Rhos](/Rhos "wikilink"), and [Falios](/Falios "wikilink") (hence
"trinity").

__TOC__

## Overview

Until recently, the Human Trinity was little more than a small group of
racist thugs, but having grown in silence to a formidable size, the
group became a large militant force.

With minimal human resistance, the Human Trinity rose to control the
tri-country region of Brinnar, Rhos, and Falios, lead by three ancient
human families from the respective areas. In the last few months, an
aggressive militant government takeover replaced most non-Human Trinity
leadership.

A culture of hatred towards non-humans sprouted in the area, driving
most non-humans from the region. More recently, non-humans are being
captured by the Human Trinity, though public executions are starting to
become more commonplace. Not many humans oppose the HT and those who do
are swiftly taken care of.

Slowly, the Human Trinity is making an effort to expand its grasp, but
for now, it’s still quite local to the tri-country region. So far, the
Human Trinity has been successful in defeating local governmental
attempts at reclaiming the area; repeated attempts from Falian military
forces were quickly extinguished. Rhos, though sporting a large army,
has not attempted to reclaim its lost territory. Brinnian officials have
not commented on the situation and denied any claims that the HT
takeover is actually happening. Many fear that both Rhosian and Brinnian
governments silently support this movement, with many of its local
soldiers already having defected.

The rest of the world watches these developments anxiously. Most condemn
these actions loudly, some support them and rumors of unrest among the
pantheon is spreading. It is however quite clear that if this movement
is not halted, war is unavoidable.

## Founding

The Human Trinity was founded by [Francis of
Drenthe](/Drenthe_Family "wikilink") and his family together with two
other ancient families from Rhos and Falios, respectively. Its founding
came out of a desire for the ancient families to regain control of the
regions that their ancestors had once lost control of during the
Brinnar-Falios war of independence.

  - The Brinnian faction of the Human Trinity is headquartered in
    [Rayna's Castle](/Rayna's_Castle "wikilink"), between
    [Freeburg](/Freeburg "wikilink") and [Crow's
    Haven](/Crow's_Haven "wikilink").
  - It is not currently known who runs the Rhosian faction and where
    it's headquartered.
  - It is not currently known who runs the Falian faction and where it's
    headquartered.

## Trivia

  - Human Trinity members can be recognized by the symbol branded into
    their necks.
  - Most Human Trinity victims will have a symbol carved into their
    corpses.

## Bestiary

### Scout

Light footed scouts often hide in the woods and are often unseen when
they first strike their targets. Sometimes, these scouts are recruited
in the Human Trinity’s assassins program.

### Brute

These burly men are generally recruited locals trained by the Human
Trinity to be lethal hand-to-hand combatants.

### Foot-soldier (Grunt)

Human Trinity foot-soldiers are locally recruited and usually still in
the first stages of their training. This, however, does not diminish
their lethality.

### Human Trinity Soldier I

A tough melee fighter who fights in groups.

### Human Trinity Archer I

A tough ranged fighter that packs quite a punch.

### Novice Assassin

Silent and devious, these skilled assassins can hide from their targets
in plain sight. These, however, are still in the beginning phases of
their training and are less lethal than their mentors.

### Lieutenant

The Lieutenant is an officer of the Human Trinity, who leads a groups of
Human Trinity soldiers. Not only are they capable leaders and melee
fighters, they also possess some magic abilities that make them much
harder to take down. This NPC class is based on [Jonathan
LeDouché](/Jonathan_LeDouché "wikilink"), but has been somewhat nerfed.

[Category:Lore](/Category:Lore "wikilink")
[Category:History](/Category:History "wikilink") [Category:Merion
Region](/Category:Merion_Region "wikilink")