[right|thumb|500px|Arannashara as seen from the Isle of Forest Wind,
looking Westward.](/File:Arannashara.jpeg "wikilink")

Arannashara is the capital city of [Dau'riel](/Dau'riel "wikilink"),
home to the Royal Family, many of the noble houses in Dau'riel, traders,
craftspeople, fishermen, and previous capital of
[Ga'va](/Elven_Civil_War "wikilink").

## Overview

Arannashara was founded as two separate villages that eventually merged
over time: to the east, seated on the coast of Lake Ga'va, the small
port village of Arann', and to the west, seated on the banks of the
river, the village Shara. Thus the name Arannashara is simply the
marriage of the two names, "Arann' and Shara." The road now known as
King's Road was constructed to connect the two villages, but most of the
population eventually migrated inland, mostly to escape the smells
generated by the busy fish market. However, the harbor of Arannashara is
still the largest and busiest in the entire region surrounding Lake
Ga'va.

For ages, the city served as the capital city of the elven kingdom of
Ga'va, and still serves as the capital of Dau'riel after the [Elven
Civil War](/Elven_Civil_War "wikilink"). It holds on to ancient elven
traditions and practices and it harbors a widespread belief that one day
all the elven kingdoms shall be joined again. Because of this ingrained
belief system, it proudly calls itself "Bastion of the West", a saying
which has been adopted as the motto of the royal family of Beidoran.

The city is an important hub for trade in the region. The Free Market of
Arannashara is the de facto place to buy and sell anything that requires
importation. Because of all this trading activity, the city attracts
many non-elf outsiders, who live in the city freely, although, slightly
mistrusted by the elves. As with any good trading hub, a black market is
soon to appear. And, although not officially sanctioned, a permanent
location for black market activities is located slightly north-east of
the Free Market and accepted as a byproduct of free trade by the powers
that be.

Most noble families of Dau'riel call Arannashara their home. The area
around the royal palace is occupied by noble houses, some almost
rivaling the royal palace in size, and, some say, influence.

On the opposite end of the spectrum we find The Drabs, a shantytown in
comparison with the splendor of the rest of the city. This is where the
poorer people of the city live in simple housing, in the shadow of the
city.

## Notable Noble Families

  - House Beidoran - Royal Family
  - House Eyerion
  - House Ilrinar
  - House Isthan
  - House Mithmardal

## Items Traded

This section is incomplete, but should give an indication of the types
of items to be found.

### Free Market (Stands in Square)

  - Fish, many kinds
  - Ale and wine
  - Some meats
  - Fruits and vegetables
  - Bread and pastries
  - Leathercraft items
  - Wicker

### Wider Market District (Shops)

  - Magic items (potions, scrolls, etc.)
  - Armor and weaponry (blacksmiths)
  - Horses, mules, and other mounts
  - Real estate
  - Liquor
  - Musical instruments

### Black Market

  - "Used" weapons
  - Discount spell scrolls and potions
  - Contraband liquor
  - Rumors of slave trade

## Map

[thumb|center|600px|Click on the image to get a better, zoomed in
version of the map.](/File:Arannashara-Map.jpg "wikilink")

[Category:Locations](/Category:Locations "wikilink") [Category:Elvish
Region](/Category:Elvish_Region "wikilink") [Category:Elf
Occupied](/Category:Elf_Occupied "wikilink")
[Category:Dau'riel](/Category:Dau'riel "wikilink")