[thumb|left|250px|[Aerig Anklebroad](Aerig_Anklebroad "wikilink")
impaled on dragons'
talons](/File:Aerig_Anklebroad_Dragon_Flight.png "wikilink")

Fifth [Age of Melora](/Time "wikilink"), year 5315.

Three hundred and fifteen years passed since the Fifth Day of Ages
before an enormous dragon rose from a deep chasm in the wilderness east
of Mhur, leading an army of hundreds of her underlings. The dragons
spread out across [Ahrda](/Ahrda "wikilink"), causing mayhem and
destruction wherever they went. Their queen, a vicious dragon named
[D'arr](/D'arr "wikilink"), set up her lair on a mountain peak north of
[Moradin's Fist](/Moradin's_Fist "wikilink") in
[Brend](/Brend "wikilink") while her army terrorized the world.

The dwarves, growing weary of their villages' destruction, sent out a
delegation to plead with the dragon queen. D'arr, claiming that she had
been sent to Ahrda by [Melora](/Melora "wikilink") herself, murdered the
delegates with the exception of a single dwarf, whom she allowed to
escape to tell the tale. News traveled quickly to other civilizations
and within a few years, a unified army of humans, elves, and dwarves set
out to defeat the dragon queen in 5320.

The army was decimated within hours.

However, within days of this event, D'arr and her dragon army
inexplicably left Brend and settled in a barren ice tundra named Verweg.

## Dwarven Expedition

Fifth [Age of Melora](/Time "wikilink"), year 5997.

Dragons were not seen by the rest of the world for hundreds of years
until a dwarven explorer named [Aerig
Anklebroad](/Aerig_Anklebroad "wikilink") lead an expedition into Verweg
where he discovered that the dragons had not been dormant after all. An
entirely new race calling themselves "dragonborn" inhabited massive
cities in a seemingly civilized manner.

While Aerig attempted to move his expedition as stealthily as possible
through Verweg, they were eventually discovered and captured by the
dragonborn in 6003. All with the exception of Aerig himself were
murdered and Aerig brought before the dragon queen D'arr. She tasked
Aerig to relay a warning to the people of Ahrda in the best common she
could muster: "dragonkind shall rule anew, unless ye eschew Verweg."

Aerig was flown back to Brend impaled on the claws of a red dragon and
discarded onto the dwarven palatial grounds where he warned his people
of D'arr's message and the dragonborn race with the last of his
strength.

[Category:Lore](/Category:Lore "wikilink")
[Category:History](/Category:History "wikilink")