Orc Barbarian character of [Dungeons &
Drunkards](/Dungeons_&_Drunkards "wikilink") played by Joel.

## Clan Prod'Ash

Braggish is 2nd born in the lineage of Clan Prod'Ash roughly translated
to 'the first blood'.

The Prod'ash clan is the largest and strongest in the clan of orcs.
Legend has it, that it's actually the original tribe that all other
stemmed from. That it carries the untainted bloodline of Gruumsh himself
and as such it is strictly forbidden for any of clan Prod'ash to create
progeny with other races. Any half-orcs will never have come from a
Prod'ash.

In Orc clans, like many others the head of the clan is passed down to
the first born of the chief. The only exceptions to this is by another
in the house of the chief or the head of another household to challenge
the chief to combat. This combat is always to the death. However, this
is always a tough challenge. Orcs are selective breeders with their
chieftains. The chiefs are normally chosen because of their strength and
only the strongest women are chosen. Looks almost never holds any
bearing. Which is why orcs get uglier and uglier as time goes on.

## Background

Braggish was born, and was destined to be a great warrior, his brother
was meant to be the chief, but the family of the chief was always
trained to be the strongest fighters by his side. Doing this usually
instilled loyalty and kept battles for the chief at a minimum because
they were in a position of power, and they would normally kill any
challengers before ever fighting the priest.

When orcs are on the cusp of adulthood they are sent into the harsh
deserts of [Mhur](/Mhur "wikilink"), where they must survive, and bring
back a trophy of their accomplishments and they will be welcomed into
their manhood as 'blooded' orc. Braggish went out on such an adventure.
He was given no special treatment as the son of the chief. He was given
a warn rusty sword, and spears as all other children. Only the first
born are carefully outfitted.

On this adventure Braggish, who was a well versed survivalist was doing
as well or better than could be expected. However, while tracking a
wounded foal he stumbled across the corpse of his hunt, being consumed
by the Teke'niecs the dreaded Camel Bears of Muhr, Not only are they
large powerful creatures but they could track their quarry for days
without stopping for food or drink. With the sparse landscape and lack
of other animals Braggish's scent was too strong for the Camel Bear not
to notice. And not one to pass up a meal in the sparse landscape it
turned on him. Two quick spears buried into the creature as it advanced,
sending it into a frenzy. As it attack, Braggish buried his sword deep
into it, mortally wounding the beast.

Massive wounds adorned his body. He skinned the bear and used it skin to
bind his wounds, it's meat as sustenance and crawled back to the tribe.
He brought the pelt, it's teeth and claws back as his trophy. He had
survived but his fight wasn't over. For the next several months as
tribal medicine men tended to his wounds he battled fits of fever and
visions. In his vision he saw Gruumsh looking on him in favor. He saw
Gruumsh standing before the other deities not in arms but as equal. He
saw orcs no longer oppressed and Braggish as its head.

These were just dreams he was told and nothing more. The ravings of a
fever riddled madman.

However, as he progressed he showed promise, not only in strength of arm
but also in cunning. He was a good leader and skilled tactician, as far
as orcs were concerned, which only meant, he didn't just charge directly
into battle and run away when the strong orcs were slain. This did not
set well with his brother, especially as he had recently become chief.
He could not be cast out, but it was clear from the missions he was sent
on that his brother was trying to have him perish in combat. It wouldn't
be suspicious to the orcs, Braggish would die a hero and it would hold
fast his role as chief.

On one of these suicide missions though when all seemed lost and his
fellow orcs had perished Braggish, ever the fighter. Fought back the
others to get away. Not to run back as a coward but to venture to the
toughest parts of the world, to equip himself, to find his strength.
Maybe even to secure allies with non orc races. His consuming passion,
was to one day return to challenge his brother and take his rightful
plays as First Blood Chieftain of the Orcs.

## Appearance

Braggish stands 6 and a half feet, weighing in at nearly 350lbs, with
skin as much brown as it is green, long pointed tusks protrude from his
bottom jaw, a prominent feature of full blooded orcs. Long black hair
pulled back into a thick matted ropes of hair bound with leather. Thick
pale scars begin at the base of his neck and extend across his chest, as
member of Prod'ash they didn't want to be seen as the skin of a pale elf
or human, so they have been adorned in tattoos.

The bulk of his large frame is covered in thick tanned hides, and a
cloak made from the tanned fur of the Camel Bear that nearly took his
life adorns his back. He has an orcish Great axe. two wickedly shaped
heads on either side, two smaller hand axes of similar design hang at
his hips and sharpened javelins sit in a quiver of shorts than hangs
from the back of a thick tanned belt.

All his belonging are kept and a very roughly crafted ruck sack.

Owner of [Anyar's Greatsword](/Anyar's_Greatsword "wikilink")

[Category:Characters](/Category:Characters "wikilink")
[Category:Dungeons &
Drunkards](/Category:Dungeons_&_Drunkards "wikilink")