Four months passed in an instant since the gang met the hag. The season
changed from spring to fall, the Human Trinity bodies around them are
decomposing. Once back to the main path, they notice that the once thin
trail was widened and recently paved over.

__TOC__

## Rise of the Human Trinity

With minimal human resistance, the Human Trinity rose to control the
tri-country region of Brinnar, Rhos, and Falios, lead by three ancient
human families from the respective areas. In the last few months, an
aggressive militant government takeover replaced most non-HT leadership.

A culture of hatred towards non-humans sprouted in the area, driving
most non-humans from the region. More recently, non-humans are being
captured by the HT, though public executions are starting to become more
commonplace. Not many humans oppose the HT and those who do are swiftly
taken care of.

Slowly, the HT is making an effort to expand its grasp, but for now,
it’s still quite local to the tri-country region. So far, the HT has
been successful in defeating local governmental attempts at reclaiming
the area; repeated attempts from Falian military forces were quickly
extinguished. Rhos, though sporting a large army, has not attempted to
reclaim its lost territory. Brinnian officials have not commented on the
situation and denied any claims that the HT takeover is actually
happening. Many fear that both Rhosian and Brinnian governments silently
support this movement, with many of its local soldiers already having
defected.

The rest of the world watches these developments anxiously. Most condemn
these actions loudly, some support them and rumors of unrest among the
pantheon is spreading. It is however quite clear that if this movement
is not halted, war is unavoidable.

## Rayna’s Castle

The construction at Rayna’s Castle completed and takes up most of the
field that Braggish noticed while up in the tree. Large Human Trinity
banners wave proudly from spires and castle walls. The place is not only
of great importance to the HT, but their Brinnar headquarters. Castle
walls were expanded, defenses erected around the perimeter, a town
constructed within, and the castle itself fortified. The castle is
brimming with soldiers and craftspeople, an entire garrison is be
stationed there.

**Determine:** is it possible somehow for the gang to kill the entire
army? Will Rayna make an appearance and wipe these fuckers? (Will we see
how she opened those soldiers' chests and why their faces were
contorted?)

### Prison

A main road carries wagons with non-humans to a large prison within the
walls. This prison holds persons of interest such as resistance leaders.

Rockelby's (father or uncle) is being held here as far as he knows, this
is an ulterior reason why Rockelby came along.

## "The Weapon"

In utmost secrecy, the Human Trinity has developed an enormous magical
technology meant to kill all non-human life in a particular radius. One
of these weapons is located in Rayna's Castle and they plan to set it
off soon as a trial. Two more of these have been dispatched to
[Freeburg](/Freeburg "wikilink") and [Crow's
Haven](/Crow's_Haven "wikilink").

The gang can find a map with marked locations for the other weapons, if
they don't find it, the information may be extracted from certain
officials.

In order to charge the weapon, it has the ability to absorb magic from
magic users. However, this kills the magic user. An area has been
prepared in Rayna's Castle for the extraction of magic from non-human
magic users. The magic is then focused by mages to target non-humans
within its effective radius and kill them.

## Encounters

Four months passed in an instant since the gang met the hag. The season
changed from spring to fall, the Human Trinity bodies around them are
decomposing. Once back to the main path, they notice that the once thin
trail was widened and recently paved over.

### Encounter: Catching-up

See [Encounter 15](/Encounter_15 "wikilink").

### Encounter: Windmill Hill

See [Encounter 16](/Encounter_16 "wikilink").

### Encounter: Sewers

See [Encounter 17](/Encounter_17 "wikilink").

### Encounter: Castle Entrance

See [Encounter 18](/Encounter_18 "wikilink").

### Encounter: Jonathan LeDouché

See [Encounter 19](/Encounter_19 "wikilink").

### Encounter: The Rally

See [Encounter 20](/Encounter_20 "wikilink").

[Category:Dungeons &
Drunkards](/Category:Dungeons_&_Drunkards "wikilink")
[Category:Concepts](/Category:Concepts "wikilink")