[thumb|right|300px|Lolth, Spider Goddess](/File:Lolth.jpg "wikilink")

Fourth [Age of Melora](/Ahrda#Ages_of_Melora "wikilink"), years 4278 -
4403

For 4,000 years, [Lolth](/Lolth "wikilink") laid in the shadows, lurking
and waiting for an opportune time to make her presence known to the
world. Her gaze landed on a country named **Ga'va**, an enormous elven
kingdom stretching from the eastern border of [Brend](/Brend "wikilink")
to the western border of [Milondria](/Milondria "wikilink"). Ga'va was
ruled by the same bloodline for thousands of years, ever since the first
borders were drawn. Progress was slow, and many blamed it on the
risk-averse monarchy ruling the kingdom. With many ambitious elves in
Ga'va despising the ruling monarchy, Lolth built up a following in
secret before striking.

[thumb|center|800px|Roughly the region that would make up Ga'va before
the fall](/File:Ga%27va.png "wikilink")

In the year 4278, a small contingency of elves, calling themselves
"drow," infiltrated the palace of the royal family and brutally
slaughtered them, claiming the throne in the name of Lolth. Many elves
despised the monarchy and sided with the drow, causing the elves to fall
into a civil war.

Lolth's minions waged a relentless war against elves who would not side
with them and murdered thousands of their own kind. After a hundred
years of war and genocidal atrocities, the remaining elves were
successful in pushing the drow back into a region named
[Briella](/Briella "wikilink"), known for its arid deserts.

Being extremely sensitive to light, Lolth retreated below ground and
ordered the magic uses amongst the drow to blacken out the skies above
Briella. This process took them over twenty five years, but they were
eventually able to do so around 4403. Lolth rose again to the surface,
bringing with her a plethora of creatures who were previously banished
to darkness on the Third Day of Ages. However, spending twenty five
years on blackening the skies allowed the non-drow elves to strengthen
their defenses and successfully resist Lolth's forces.

For now the threat was at bay, and the war considered over, albeit at a
very high cost. The country of Ga'va was heavily divided, not only
geographically, but also ideologically.

The Ga'van province of [Dau'riel](/Dau'riel "wikilink") became home to
High Elves; those who yearned back to the way Ga'va used to be; an
absolute monarchy. Unsurprisingly, most of the anti-Drow resistance and
military force concentrated in this region ruled by a newly appointed
king and queen.

The dense forests of rural [Avria](/Avria "wikilink") became home to a
group of elves calling themselves Wood Elves, a group shunning war and
its horrific effects. While pacifist in mentality, they continue to
defend entry to their borders with lethal force to this day and are a
very reclusive society. They are ruled by a council of elders who rule
slowly, but wisely.

Finally, there was [X'usmed](/X'usmed "wikilink"), a large region filled
with all manner of elves who didn't identify one way or another and
would rather leave the Elven political world behind. Elves in X'usmed
quickly disconnected from their brothers and sisters in Dau'riel, and
began integration with the wider world.

Currently, drow evolved to be as light sensitive as the spiders that
they serve. Some say this rapid evolution was due to a massive breeding
effort with arachnids, a rumor that drow deny vehemently, claiming their
vision was caused by divine intervention. Whichever the case may be,
drow are rarely seen outside of Briella these days, though a straggler
here and there has been observed as far out as the human territories.

[Category:Lore](/Category:Lore "wikilink")
[Category:History](/Category:History "wikilink") [Category:Elvish
Region](/Category:Elvish_Region "wikilink")