Iomedae (pronounced ahy-OH-meh-day)\[1\] is the goddess of righteous
valor, justice, and honor.

Horgen was born into a long line of peasants. They had nothing to their
names except the debts that they owed and which held onto their name for
generations. His father had finally worked his way out of servitude but
no small effort, only to fall ill during a harsh winter which was his
last. Horgen's mother was heart broken and had no real skills other than
that of a home maker. While Horgen's mother and father had always taught
him to follow the right path, the path of honor and the path of
valor..it simply wasn't an option. He was a tough young lad and while he
tried to work and put in a back breaking day like the rest of the
servants he couldn't make ends meet as a 13-year-old and was not going
to put himself and his mother back into the bondage his father fought so
hard to free them from, so he took up another yoke. That of crime.

There was the promise of Gold to be earned and he didn't have much love
for nobility that enslaved the poor. Either by true slavery or by means
of serving off debt for good required for life and well-being so he took
up with a band even rougher than he was. He served with them for a
while, always feeling guilty for the things he did, the things he stole
the people he roughed up, but he was delighted by the joy on his
mother's face after a hearty meal, or a piece of fine cloth here and
there. And she knew better not to ask where growing boy was making so
much money, but behind the joy was disappointmentâ€‹. She knew it, Horgen
knew it.

Every job was worse than the last and every time the boys got more
callous to the deeds they were performing. One late night it went too
far. A family owed money to his boss, and they were sent to get it. They
were sent to retrieve it. When they arrived it was the house of an
elderly couple who had taken in their granddaughter after her parents
were murdered. The couldn't work much less pay, so the crew decided it
best to take the young girl and leave corpses, to leave a message for
others who wouldn't pay.

Horgen tried to stop them, but he was 1 with a group for 4 other boys
growing into men far too early. A few grabbed the girl and the others
attacked the couple. Horgen got the girl free and was prepared to fight
the others until his dying breath. It never came, though. Maybe it was
Iomadae looking upon his actions favorably. When he was done, he alone
stood, and just barely at that. He was unable to save the elderly couple
but in bloody rags, he carried the 9 years old shocked and crying girl
to the temple of Iomadae and turned himself in.

He had committed many crimes but the temple, seeing his actions and
reason, absolved him of them and seeing his drive to fight for what is
good they took him in to train him. It wasn't long before illness that
ravaged so many took his mother. He became very close to the young girl
he saved that day, both without family and both under the care of the
church. Over the decade he began to make a name for himself because of
his unflinching honor and bravery. He was knighted as a Paladin of
Iomadae.