[thumb|right|Mhur on the [world
map](:File:World_Map_Handout.jpg "wikilink")](/File:Mhur.png "wikilink")

Orcish homeland on [Ahrda](/Ahrda "wikilink").

**Inhabitants:** Orcs and half-orcs

## Overview

Orcs have been a nuisance to the established races. Though each orc is
powerful, they fight disjointed and alone. The clans do not work
together, and the members don't cooperate, always vying for their own
place, so as a collective they pose little threat. As the centuries have
gone by the number of orcs has increased to the point that, the
established races feel, something must be done.

Around a century ago, the established races allied together in a war
effort to exile the Orc to Muhr, an inhospitable part of the world, and
to cull the race before it had a chance to rally. The saying amongst
orcs is that Muhr bears the weight of the rest of Ahrda and is strained,
which is why it sports deep steaming cracks. There are only few places
where the water is drinkable and the ground is fertile enough to produce
crops, which is where the orcs that survived the push congregated.

## Orcish Lore

[thumb|200px|right|Portrait of Gruumsh](/File:Gruumsh.jpg "wikilink")

Bad blood has existed between Orcs and the established races of the
realms as far back as anyone can remember. There are many creatures that
most would consider too advanced for their own good, but one of the
outstanding among them is the Orc. In Orcish mythology, after Melora
created Ahrda, the Gods created the races in their image and then set
about to create homelands for them. [Gruumsh](/Gruumsh "wikilink"), the
Orcish god who created the Orcs in his own image was not known for his
great wits and was tricked by the Elven god [Corellon
Larethian](/Corellon_Larethian "wikilink"), leaving his people without a
homeland. This erupted in a battle between the deities.

Normally, deities don't meddle in the affairs of other deities, but for
Gruumsh, they made a rare exception since it looked like Gruumsh was
strong enough to best Corellon. The collective pantheon of the gods
subdued Gruumsh, and Corellon, in a rare moment of rage and shame, took
Gruumsh' eye with his own spear. The pantheon scattered his people
across the globe and limited his power to interact with his people only.

The wounded Gruumsh stood, lifted his great iron spear, and stretched it
over the world. The shaft blotted the sun over a great part of the lands
as he spoke: "You have rigged the drawing of the lots, hoping to cheat
me and my followers. But One-Eye never sleeps. One-Eye sees all. there
is a place for Orcs to dwell... here\!", he bellowed. His spear pierced
the mountains, opening a mighty rift and chasms. "And here\!" The
spearhead split the hills and made them shake and covered them in dust.
"And here\!" The black spear gouged the meadows and made them bare.

This is the seed of the hatred between orcs and the likes of man, dwarf,
elf and gnome. Over centuries the Orcs have brooded. Now being led by
their deity to grow as a culture and a race but left to fend for
themselves with little direction. Strength became king, conquer or be
conquered, subdue or be subdued, as Gruumsh himself was.

[Category:Locations](/Category:Locations "wikilink")
[Category:Territories](/Category:Territories "wikilink") [Category:Orc
Occupied](/Category:Orc_Occupied "wikilink") [Category:Southern
Region](/Category:Southern_Region "wikilink")
[Category:Mhur](/Category:Mhur "wikilink")
[Category:Lore](/Category:Lore "wikilink")