[thumb|250px|right|The image that inspired the creation of
Orso.](/File:Orso.jpg "wikilink")

Orso is a character in the [Dungeons &
Drunkards](/Dungeons_&_Drunkards "wikilink") campaign.

> *"What doing?... I halp\!"*

\- Orso to Braggish

## Overview

Little is unknown about Orso’s life before arriving at the Rhosian
arenas, but some would say that it’s where his life truly started.

Standing at 7ft tall and weighing just over 400lbs, this behemoth of a
man was a sight to see; many townsfolk even speculated that he may be
some Half-Goliath, Half-Dwarven offspring due to his unusual size and
bulk. Nope. He’s just a big, fucking human.

Donning his trademark Dwarvenesque armor, he quickly became a crowd
favorite with his unorthodox unarmed fighting style and strange antics
with improvised weaponry; one of his more memorable moments was clubbing
an opponent to unconsciousness with another already unconscious
combatant in a brawl-for-all style, multi-gladiator event.

The reputation of his combat prowess reached distant lands as travelling
bards and merchants came and went. Warriors from all over, hearing the
tales of the "Great Orso," would come to Rhos to challenge the champion
in hopes of creating a name for themselves. All would fail. These
warriors left Rhos with bruised bodies and destroyed egos; some were so
distraught that they gave up their gladiator aspirations altogether and
took on other professions -- like pottery.

However, these are stories of the past. Orso now is long passed his
prime, and his years in the arena have begun taking its toll; his mind
is slowly deteriorating and regressing to an infantile state.
Fortunately, his time as a former champion had garnered enough respect
from the Rhosian populace that they've cared for him and tolerated his
increasingly odd behavior.

## Dungeons & Drunkards

Orso is one of the main characters of the [Dungeons &
Drunkards](/Dungeons_&_Drunkards "wikilink") campaign. He was one of the
founding members of the gang, forming in Crow's Haven after being
captured by an evil inn keeper (see the [Dungeons &
Drunkards](/Dungeons_&_Drunkards "wikilink") page for details). Orso's
location is currently unknown as he disappeared at the beginning of Game
7 near [Rayna's Castle](/Rayna's_Castle "wikilink").

## Stats

### Vocabulary

  - Friend
  - What doing
  - I halp
  - I sleep now
  - Graaaaaghhhh\!\!\!

[Category:Characters](/Category:Characters "wikilink")
[Category:Dungeons &
Drunkards](/Category:Dungeons_&_Drunkards "wikilink")