Rayna's Castle is a location in [Brinnar](/Brinnar "wikilink") between
the city of [Freeburg](/Freeburg "wikilink") and the town of [Crow's
Haven](/Crow's_Haven "wikilink") and is currently the headquarters of
the Brinnian [Human Trinity](/Human_Trinity "wikilink") faction.

__TOC__

## History

The Dourblood family name is synonymous with ruthlessness in Brinnian
history. for ages, the Dourbloods ruled their lands with an iron fist,
but this all came to an end during the [Falios-Brinnar war of
independence](/War_for_Freedom "wikilink").

Duke Sigbert Dourblood lead a vicious campaign against the Falian
rebels, and while he saw great success in battle, had to fall back to
the city of [Freeburg](/Freeburg "wikilink"). This is where he held the
line until the end of the war, not allowing the Falian forces to move
any further into Brinnian territory. One night, about a month after the
war had ended, an assassin murdered him in his sleep, a day before he
was supposed to travel home to be with his wife Rayna whom he had not
seen in a long time. Nobody saw the assassin, but Brinnians claim that
it was the work of vengeful Falians, while Falians claim that his own
men did him in - Sigbert was not loved by his subordinates.

Once Rayna got word of her husband's assassination, a blood rage
overcame her. She demanded all Falian prisoners of war to be flayed
alive, along with those who spoke out against her actions. Due to the
nature of her position in Brinnian political hierarchy, she mostly got
her way. Over time, most of her staff deserted her, fearing for their
lives as she became more and more violent and unstable. As money ran
out, she was left alone in her castle, unable to pay for upkeep and
staff services. All but a single person stuck around until the end, when
Rayna passed away. In the end, she was consumed with the desire for
revenge, which occupied her every waking thought.

the person who stayed behind was Ã†lfward Cooper, a distant great
grandfather of Crow's Haven's constable, [Godrick
Cooper](/Godrick_Cooper "wikilink").

Rayna's body was put to rest deep within the dungeons beneath her
castle. Over the years, the castle fell into disrepair and Rayna's
Castle became known as "Rayna's Ruins" until recently, when [Francis of
Drenthe](/Drenthe_Family "wikilink") and the [Human
Trinity](/Human_Trinity "wikilink") rebuilt it for their own purposes.

[Category:History](/Category:History "wikilink")
[Category:Lore](/Category:Lore "wikilink")
[Category:Brinnar](/Category:Brinnar "wikilink")
[Category:Locations](/Category:Locations "wikilink")