<div class="noprint" style="clear:both; float:none; border:1px solid #FF7300;width:75%;margin: 20px auto;">

<table>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p><span style="color: #FF7300"><strong>WORK IN PROGRESS</strong></span><br />
This page is still being worked on and its contents are subject to change.</p></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

</div>

[thumb|right|The image that inspired the creation of
Straggo.](/File:Straggo.jpg "wikilink")

A 5th level Human Warlock variant played by Ren in the [Dungeons &
Drunkards](/Dungeons_&_Drunkards "wikilink") campaign.

Straggo is the captain of a ship named "[The
Hellion](/The_Hellion "wikilink")" and owner of the [Manacle of
Asmodeus](/Manacle_of_Asmodeus "wikilink").

His creation is based off a BBEG concept intended for a separate
campaign that never came to fruition.

## **Background**

Born and raised [Blackfog](/Blackfog "wikilink"), a ramshackle trade
city located in the northern region of
[Milondria](/Milondria "wikilink"), Straggo grew accustomed to life
surrounded by non-humans and society's most-wanted. When he was a young
shipmate working for his family's smuggling ring his developing
fascination and affinity for magic caught the intrigue of Asmodeus, who
offered Straggo a grimoire containing arcane secrets in exchange for his
soul *upon death* and his services in the Nine Hells . The cunning,
young Straggo agreed.

Armed with his grimoire -- the Book of Nine -- Straggo accepted a
station aboard a pirate convoy and quickly became its enforcer and
bodyguard. Together, he and the crew laid siege to and ransacked several
port cities and cargo ships along the Merion Sea. Also regarded as a
staunch defender of his region, Straggo often took part in skirmishes
against Blackfire groups attempting to encroach upon Milondria from the
north.

Years later, Straggo would leave behind his life of piracy to seek out a
ship and crew of his own. As captain of a small ship, he and his old
friend [Rockelby Thornweaver](/Rockelby_Thornweaver "wikilink") would
voyage to the Bay of Tears toward the west in search of treasure.
Straggo, more importantly, seeks to discover the secret of eternal life
which is said to be hidden aboard a flying ship from long ago.

## **Description**

A medium-sized human, Straggo stands at 5’6” and weighs about 140 lbs.
While not particularly muscular, his time as a shipmate has allowed him
to develop a somewhat athletic build. He has long dark hair, a rugged
beard, and a pair of ever-glowing fiendish yellow irises -- a feature
indicative of his Devil's Sight; with it, Straggo is able to see through
darkness, even that which was created from magic.

Straggo's attire resembles that of the stereotypical freebooter. He
sports a dark long coat and a brown studded leather vest over a white
tunic. Underneath he wears a holster to store various items. He wears
dark trousers, a leather belt with several pouches, and cuffed boots. On
his right wrist he bears the [Manacle of
Asmodeus](/Manacle_of_Asmodeus "wikilink"), a physical manifestation of
his pact with Asmodeus.

Straggo has deep a fascination and a natural talent in wielding magic.
In his youth he alone managed to decipher and learn basic spells from
looted spellbooks in his spare time, a feat that takes most young
wizards years of studying to accomplish. However, as a self-taught
spellcaster he lacks the control of those who've had proper tutelage and
is often left exhausted after casting more complex and powerful spells.

## **Stats**

## **Alternate Versions**

**Forgotten Realms**

In Faerun, Straggo is a Death Cleric of Kelemvor -- a god of the dead.
As one of Kelemvor's Doomguides, Straggo travels the world to purge the
land of the Undead. More importantly, Straggo seeks the Necromancer
responsible for the reanimation of an old friend; by destroying this
abomination to the natural order, he hopes that his friend's soul may
finally rest.

[Category:Characters](/Category:Characters "wikilink")
[Category:Dungeons &
Drunkards](/Category:Dungeons_&_Drunkards "wikilink") [Category:Ren's
Projects](/Category:Ren's_Projects "wikilink")