[thumb|right|Sivor Empire on the [world
map](:File:World_Map_Handout.jpg "wikilink")](/File:Sivor_Empire.png "wikilink")

A territory on [Ahrda](/Ahrda "wikilink").

**Inhabitants:** All Races Seat of the emperor is in the capitol city of
Magalada

In times where there is a perceived or real vacuum of power in a region
there are many that can stand to gain.

Sivor was once a great empire generations back. The cities themselves
cry out to what it once was. Large powerful walls with mighty spires
behind them that are dilapidated and calling apart. The current emperor
has cut off trade to outside countries and after a time of such plenty
many of the citizens felt entitled, that the work of peasants, farming,
smithing, etc was beneath them. After trade externally ceased and those
in the country unwilling to work and stopped producing the resources
dried up. However, the emperor still lived the posh and luxurious life
and was not motivated to change. The finest of artisans have left the
empire and those citizens that remain have little. With no one to lead
them, and the aristocracy trying to hang onto their last comforts and
positions, instead of attempting to grow, the empire closes in further.

One man was not so eager to roll over and die. His family came from a
line of soldiers. Leaders of the Sivor military in it's prime and raised
their young to take a similar mantle. However, that time never came. As
the empire fell apart the fighting men left Inverbrough in disgust, and
had moved to certain settlements near the edge of the empire, living as
near barbarian tribes. The original intent was to serve as protectors of
the border but the power they commanded grew these settlements. The most
notable of these is Reidgate, a settlement which overlooked a mountain
pass home to a great but bloody victory in the Sivor Empire. Legends are
still told of it. Riscromm Swordfury grew up only knowing battle, and
was steeped in it. All he knew is that power came by the sword. He was a
powerful fighter and a charismatic leader and took the leadership of
Reidgate by force.

The outskirts of the empire were being taken over without a fight on the
border of Deirstahl, not out of military action but just a general lack
of respect for Sivor. The incoming settlers from Merion expanded
Deirstahl south, in an effort to more easily trade with Brend and
Gerbilor. None of these settlers caring to do any sort of business with
Sivor. This enraged Riscromm and the now fortified encampment of
Reidgate. Over the last few years the barbarians from Reidgate have
mobilized, attacking and claiming back territory, but not for Sivor,
they now claimed it for Reidgate itself. Not only have they ransacked
new settlements but existing as well, riding into villages in heavy
battle gear demanding the peasants and reigning lords submit to Reigate
or be destroyed.

Many villages tried to stand up to Riscromms men, not wanting to be
ruled by the iron fist, but only met with their villages burned, their
men and women killed, all possessions and livestock returned to
Reidgate. Children of all ages were forced into captivity, mining
resources, farming, crafting armour and weaponry for the tribe. There
are rumours that Riscromm is going to fight for the throne of Sivor, and
that thought strikes Terror into the heart of the people of the empire,
because there will be little to stop him.

[Category:Locations](/Category:Locations "wikilink")
[Category:Territories](/Category:Territories "wikilink") [Category:All
Races Occupied](/Category:All_Races_Occupied "wikilink")
[Category:Southern Region](/Category:Southern_Region "wikilink")
[Category:Sivor Empire](/Category:Sivor_Empire "wikilink")