## Dwarvish One-Shot Campaign

**Time:** 28<sup>th</sup> of Lirrai, 6003; ties in to the [Ascension of
D'arr](/Ascension_of_D'arr "wikilink"), a few months after [Aerig
Anklebroad](/Aerig_Anklebroad "wikilink")'s body was returned.

**Setting:** Inside [Moradin's Fist](/Moradin's_Fist "wikilink"), the
tallest mountain on [Ahrda](/Ahrda "wikilink"), home to the deepest
mines of [Ahrda](/Ahrda "wikilink").

An all-dwarf campaign for 3-4 players, going deep into the mines.
Players are summoned by the local magistrate to perform some kind of
task deep in the mountains.

[Aerig Anklebroad](/Aerig_Anklebroad "wikilink")'s body was dumped onto
the palatial grounds by a giant red dragon a few months before. With his
dying breath, he warned dwarvenkind about D'arr and the dragonborn race
in [Verweg](/Verweg "wikilink"). Ever since this happened, tensions have
been high within the dwarvish capital of
[Morak'ord](/Morak'ord "wikilink") and groups have started to form in
rebellion against the dwarven king who has not been taking any action
against the dragon queen D'arr. The kingdom seems split on the topic of
retaliation against the dragons, who several hundred years ago
terrorized the [Brend](/Brend "wikilink") country side.

### List of NPCs

  - Magistrate [Silas Steelstone](/Silas_Steelstone "wikilink") -
    somewhat mean spirited, voice like Malcolm McDowell - ish
  - Deep Mine Explorer [Husgan
    Humbleheart](/Husgan_Humbleheart "wikilink") - a gentle and somewhat
    naive soul, voice like Sir David Attenborough
  - Husgan's assistant [Elga Everend](/Elga_Everend "wikilink") - young,
    impatient, unwilling to sacrifice her time, voice like whatever
    female you can manage
  - Shallow Mines Clerk [Jacco Jumblejunk](/Jacco_Jumblejunk "wikilink")
    - old, slightly mad from loneliness, voice like whatever old man you
    can do
  - The proto-dwarven Lich [Lyoff Eliof](/Lyoff_Eliof "wikilink") - evil
    evil evil evil, voice like evil

### Picking up the Package

Players are members of the Palatial Guard.

**Magistrate:** Magistrate [Silas
Steelstone](/Silas_Steelstone "wikilink")

A group of dwarvish adventurers has been tasked by the local magistrate
(by decree of the king) to make a trip from the palace down into the
depths of the mines of [Moradin's Fist](/Moradin's_Fist "wikilink") to
deliver a crate to a dwarf named [Husgan
Humbleheart](/Husgan_Humbleheart "wikilink") who works in the deep
mines. The group is not told about the contents of this crate and the
crate is sealed with royal seals that are magical in nature.

Crate contents are secrets, they must leave at once.

One of the members of the group is given a secret key, one of two
required to unlock the crate once the magical seals are removed. Husgan
Humbleheart has the other key.

### Passing Through the Boroughs

Exposition of dwarven culture to players, as well as lifestyle in
[Moradin's Fist](/Moradin's_Fist "wikilink").

The deeper they descend, the slummier the boroughs get.

NPCs will attempt to take or steal the crate from them, they must guard
it.

NPCs will attempt to pick their pockets -- children.

It will take 3 full days of travel to pass through the borough levels.

### Passing Through the Upper Mines

Need to show orders to be able to pass through here.

Much active mining, no permanent housing, only temporary mining camps.

Players will get hassled by rowdy worker types.

### Entering the Shallow Mines

**Clerk:** Jacco Jumblejunk

Another checkpoint, need to show orders again. Checkpoint station seems
antique and not frequently used. The clerk guides them to the next level
through a set of double gates, which he won't keep open at the same
time. Clerk says "good luck, you're on your own from here on out," or
something to that effect after locking the second gate behind them.

Almost no mining activity here, lots of abandoned gear in old mining
camps. After a day, they no longer encounter miners and they find
themselves alone on the path.

After another day or so, they come across ruins.

### Ruins

A small ancient underground settlement. Looks remotely dwarven, but not
quite. DC 18 WIS or 15 History will reveal it's about 3,000 years old.

In what seems like a shrine, they find the mummified remains of what
looks like dwarves, but they look quite different.

Here they will also find evidence of undead as well as a a few
not-so-ancient dragon footprints (few hundred years), leading off, and
somewhat fresh dwarven footprints.

Evidence of an evil magic user is present.

### Bridge

They come across a deep chasm, over a hundred feet wide. Even with
darkvision, they won't be able to see the other side due to the wind
blowing moisture and dirt across. A strong gale blows and the bridge
sways wildly in the wind. As far as they can tell, the bridge is the
only way across.

The bridge is on the verge of collapsing, slippery from the humidity,
and missing planks in places.

On the other side of the bridge, they find the petrified remains of the
dwarf-like people, standing in place, running towards the bridge with
looks of fear on their faces.

### Arriving at Deep Mine Ruins

After some travel through a tunnel, a sprawling city unfolds in front of
them in a cavern illuminated by lumnious spores. They can see whole city
blocks, important tall buildings, and in the center of the city what
looks like a giant green glob.

A stream of petrified dwarf-like people seems to be coming towards them
from the city towards the bridge. They will come across many of these
proto-dwarves in the city itself.

Husgar's helper [Elga Everend](/Elga_Everend "wikilink") will be the
first to be encountered on the streets of the ancient city. She will try
to take the crate and shoo off the players. This should not be allowed
to happen.

Husgar stands at a mound of dragonglass, which he is unable to break
with conventional mining tools; though he has identified what he thinks
is the weakest point. The dragonglass seems to be covering a building,
Husgar thinks this building is important since it's at the center of the
city and sealed off. The king sent him the tools in the crate to help
him break through.

**Crate:**

  - A Dragon's Claw - tool used to break through the dragon glass
  - A vial of Dragon Fire - used to create dragon glass

He will open the crate using his key and the group's key.

#### Option 1: Break the Wall

Allow Husgar to break the dragonglass wall and thus break the seal
holding in the Lich and the undead.

#### Option 2: Safeguard the Wall

Inform Husgar of what could go wrong, he will understand and be
convinced. Elga, however, will not be and will break the wall herself
while the others aren't paying attention.

### Free the Lich

Once they step inside the dragon glass structure the air is stale and
full of magic.

Beyond the dragonglass, a massive protodwarven building is unveiled.
Husgar can translate a placard saying that this is a school of magic.
Inside are hundreds of protodwarven statues lined up in the hallways,
which are actually petrified protodwarves.

Deep within the building a shrieker trap is set, which, once set off,
shriek out loud for a minute and then suddenly go very quiet. The Lich
is now aware of them being inside the building.

Bodies lay littered on the floor the closer the group gets to the main
hall. Some seem to be very fresh.

The Lich is a protodwarf named [Lyoff Eliof](/Lyoff_Eliof "wikilink")
who has learned to petrify its prey, thus storing their souls in stone
in perpetuity. The Lich chooses to un-petrify these protodwarves and
therefore keeps his Phylactery supplied with souls. He knows that he
only has a limited amount of souls left and really needs the dragonglass
wall to be broken to get more souls before he runs out and dies.

He is okay with conversation since he knows that the group won't be able
to stop him. They are sorely outmatched. In addition, he has the ability
to summon his undead victims to fight for him if needed.

### Trap the Lich Again

The lich will try to petrify them once they stumble upon him. They can
try to fight him, but the best option is to retreat and seal him off
again before he can escape.

If they can't seal off the structure again, the other option is to
destroy the bridge.

\>\> **Moral choice? Self sacrifice? Group sacrifice?** \<\<

If they fight, most will die, but one survives to tell the tale. This
could potentially be Husgar if the whole group dies.

[Category:Campaigns](/Category:Campaigns "wikilink")
[Category:Concepts](/Category:Concepts "wikilink")