A two-shot all-dwarven campaign played inside of [Moradin's
Fist](/Moradin's_Fist "wikilink").

## Players

  - Anjelica as [Oelera Oelek](/Oelera_Oelek "wikilink"), a female
    dwarven Paladin
  - Justin as [Kidrak Hopsbeard](/Kidrak_Hopsbeard "wikilink"), a male
    dwarven Ranger
  - Mike as [Mandel Barleylocks](/Mandel_Barleylocks "wikilink"), a male
    dwarven Wizard
  - Eddy as DM

## Notable NPCs

  - Magistrate [Silas Steelstone](/Silas_Steelstone "wikilink")
  - Deep Mine Explorer [Husgan
    Humbleheart](/Husgan_Humbleheart "wikilink")
  - Husgan's assistant [Elga Everend](/Elga_Everend "wikilink")
  - Shallow Mines Clerk [Jacco Jumblejunk](/Jacco_Jumblejunk "wikilink")
  - The proto-dwarven Lich [Lyoff Eliof](/Lyoff_Eliof "wikilink")

## Setting

This campaign took place inside of [Moradin's
Fist](/Moradin's_Fist "wikilink"), the tallest mountain on Ahrda, home
to the deepest mines of Ahrda.

It started on 28th of Lirrai, 6003; ties in to the Ascension of D'arr, a
few months after Aerig Anklebroad's body was returned. It ended a few
days later. Note that this is a few hundred years before the start of
[Dungeons & Drunkards](/Dungeons_&_Drunkards "wikilink").

## Preface

[Aerig Anklebroad](/Aerig_Anklebroad "wikilink")'s body was dumped onto
the palatial grounds by a giant red dragon a few months before. With his
dying breath, he warned dwarvenkind about [D'arr](/D'arr "wikilink") and
the dragonborn race in [Verweg](/Verweg "wikilink"). Ever since this
happened, tensions have been high within the dwarvish capital of
[Morak'ord](/Morak'ord "wikilink") (Moradin's Fist) and groups have
started to form in rebellion against the dwarven king who has not been
taking any action against the dragon queen D'arr. The kingdom seems
split on the topic of retaliation against the dragons, who several
hundred years ago terrorized the [Brend](/Brend "wikilink") country
side.

## Plot

These are broad strokes, for all the details, view the following two
recordings:

| Video                                                                   |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| <embedvideo service="youtube" dimensions="480">y7zc3a5OQrU</embedvideo> |

### Game 1

The players, members of the palatial guard, were summoned by the local
magistrate, [Silas Steelstone](/Silas_Steelstone "wikilink") to perform
some kind of task deep within the mountains. Before they spoke to him,
they reported at the local magistrature in the waiting room where they
had to wait for their number (42) to be served. This took a while to
happen, and the only person at the waiting room desk went to lunch. The
waiting room was empty, but the numbers being called were in the
twenties. Another patron appeared, pulled number 43, eventually got
tired of waiting, and went through the doors into the magistrature
without waiting for his turn. Oelera went in after him, warning him that
what he was doing was illegal. The person didn't care and continued to
knock on some of the office doors. Once Oelera convinced him that
everybody was out to lunch, the person sat back down in the waiting room
and waited for his turn. Kildrak manually changed the current number to
40, and a few moments later they were on their way to the magistrate.

Without knocking on his door, the group barged into the Steelstone's
office, who was shocked at the sudden appearance of the group. Much like
the rest of the palatial level, his office was decidedly not
particularly dwarven in architecture with its wooden accents and finely
detailed trimmings. The group deduced that this was mostly done to make
important people from other cultures make more at home, e.g.: diplomats,
merchants, royalty, etc. After showing Steelstone their orders, he
retrieved a large wooden chest, locked by two locks, wrapped in broad
leather straps, which in turn held in place four magical seals, all
securing the chest from being opened by the wrong person. Besides the
chest, Steelstone handed them one of the keys required to open the
chest, which would also have to be delivered. Finally, he told them who
to deliver the chest to. A man named [Husgan
Humbleheart](/Husgan_Humbleheart "wikilink"), a dwarven explorer working
somewhere in the mines below Moradin's Fist. Steelstone couldn't tell
them too much about Humbleheart's whereabouts, just that he last
reported in from the Upper Mines level. They would have to find
Humbleheart down in the mines on their own.

Having received their orders and their payload, the group was sent on
their way to deliver the chest. But before they set out, Mandel decided
it best to grab a bite to eat and stock up on rations at a local
watering hole. This is where they drew the attention of one of its
waiters who eyed their chest and whispered something to a shifty looking
patron in the place. Thinking that they were drawing too much attention,
the group hurried up, finished their meal, bought their rations, and
went on their way.

They traveled down the great staircase at the center of Moradin's Fist
for a full day or so, with Oelera solely carrying the chest on her back,
drawing much attention to the royal seals from passersby. They decided
to spend the night at an inn close to the great staircase where a very
welcoming innkeeper, seemingly immensely impressed with the palatial
guard, greeted them and upgraded their room to his best suite for no
extra charge. Mandel, thinking it was a bit peculiar to be treated so
well by a stranger, inspected the room and found a false wall held up by
a minor illusion in the back of a wardrobe. Kildrak stuck his head
through the illusory wall and saw a staircase leading down. Expecting an
ambush, they set up a shift with one of them standing guard while the
other two slept.

As expected, the ambush came. During Oelera's shift, three men came
through the wardrobe into the room, one of them the innkeeper. Oelera
engaged in battle and the others woke from their sleep. She slew the
innkeeper after having chased the three men down the staircase, the
other two ran off. Meanwhile, there was a rattling at the doorknob.
Kildrak quickly opened the door and grabbed the person on the other
side. It was a small boy, the innkeeper's child. He asked for his daddy
and Oelera informed him that she'd slain his father, who was a "bad
man." The boy became overwhelmed with sadness and anger at Oelera. He
ran into his room and fell sobbing onto his bed. At this point, Mandel
thought it was best to continue along with their mission and go down the
great staircase. They left some coin on the counter downstairs and
continued on their way.

They also decided to wrap the chest in a blanket to conceal the fact
that it was royal (the innkeeper had mentioned noticing the royal
seals), but regardless, spotted a group following them. Mandel
recognized the waiter and his shifty looking friends from the tavern at
the palatial level and initiated a tactic where he and Kildrak would
hide while they let Oelera go ahead with the chest and act as bait.
However, they did not inform Oelera of their plan, who upon being
confronted by her pursuers, put down the chest, pulled out her hammer
and readied for battle.

At this point Mandel and Kildrak appeared and ambushed the group.
However, Mandel was able to convince them to take a bribe instead of the
chest they were after and they were able to defuse the situation. Now,
finally, they were able to travel deeper down the mountain, past the
borough levels and arrived at the first checkpoint between the boroughs
and the upper mines. Having shown the proper documentation, the clerk at
the checkpoint let them through the double steel gates and wished them
'good luck' as he closed the gates behind them.

The upper mines bustled with mining activity and, as they learned the
hard way, dwarves who did not want to be bothered by passers-through.
The great staircase continued through these levels and as they descended
deeper, came upon the next checkpoint. There was barely any mining
activity on these levels, and the checkpoint appeared ancient. To make
matters worse, it looked unmanned. They rung the small bell on the
counter, but nobody replied. Some banging on the metal window bars
produced some grunting from the back, though. A bottle clanged on the
floor, and a very drunk dwarf named [Jacco
Jumblejunk](/Jacco_Jumblejunk "wikilink") appeared. They asked him is
he'd seen Humbleheart pass through and after some thinking, he confirmed
that he did a couple of weeks before.

Passing through the gates, the group entered an area more cavern than
mine, though some old mining equipment lay around wasting away in the
dust. They decided to set up camp near what seemed to be the end of the
great staircase and spent the night in the caverns lit by luminous
spores that grew on the walls and ceilings.

A night of uninterrupted sleep passed and in the morning the group went
on their merry way. After traveling for a few hours, they came across a
small town settled in a cavern. It seemed ancient and, on closer
investigation, littered with stone sculptures.

### Game 2

Upon closer investigation, Mandel and Oelera realized that these were
not sculptures, but rather petrified people. However, even though the
sculptures were about as tall as dwarves and had dwarven features, they
did not resemble dwarves in their current form. Oelera thought cracking
one open would be a good idea, but thought better of it eventually.
Instead, she cast a spell and unpetrified the person closest to them,
who was leaning over a well. He seemed afraid and surprised to see them
and spoke in a tongue unknown to any of them, though some words seemed
familiar. Kildrak and Mandel were able to decipher some of what he was
saying, and it sounded like a warning that something was coming,
something evil and magical. They deduced that the man had been asleep
for several thousands of years and told him that whatever was coming had
passed. The unpetrification process took its toll on the man and even
though they fed him some berries to get him back on his feet, he soon
fell down, exhausted. He motioned towards one of the houses in the town,
which was his, where he was lain to bed (though his bed sheets and
pillow disintegrated upon touching). They deduced that this person was a
distant predecessor of current day dwarves, a proto-dwarf.

They decided to get back on their way to deliver the chest, but not
before investigating an important looking building in the town. They
entered the building, which seemed like a shrine or a small temple. Upon
the altar were inscriptions, all undecipherable except for one front and
center in the altar: the rune for Moradin, the god of dwarves, further
cementing their intuitions regarding their proto-dwarven nature.
Mummified bodies were stacked in racks along the back of the temple.
Oelera decided to investigate and rifled through one of the bodies. She
found a golden ring on one, but decided to leave it behind. Sensing
great evil had occurred here in the past, Mandel thought it best to move
along with their mission. Oelera and Kildrak agreed.

After traveling for hours through a narrow tunnel, they came upon a
chasm. There was no way to cross and no way to gauge how far across the
chasm was since there was a strong wind blowing dust, water, and other
particulates across, making it impossible to see further than a few
feet. There was a narrow path leading along the chasm, giving them the
option to go left or right. They chose to go right and after a little
while came across a rickety rope bridge. The planks on it looked
slippery, some were missing and they had no idea how strong it would be.
Mandel chose to lead the way and repair the bridge using Minor
Restoration as he went along, but came across one spot he could not
repair. Several planks were missing and created a six-foot gap. He
clutched the ropes and shuffled to the other side where he continued
restoring the bridge. After a short while, he came to the end of the
bridge, which ended at the mouth of a cave. From it, a stream of
petrified proto-dwarven figures running towards the bridge with looks of
horrors on their faces. Mandel, now content with the security of the
bridge, turned around and crossed the bridge back to Oelera and Kildrak.

He informed them of the missing planks and suggested shrinking the chest
the half its size so it could be thrown across the chasm. They did so
and Oelera threw the chest. However, she fumbled and the chest went
tumbling down the chasm. Thinking swiftly, she dove after it and grabbed
it midair. Kildrak did the same, but grabbed her by her feet and hoisted
her back onto the bridge. They still hadn't gotten the chest across,
though. Oelera decided to try again and tossed the chest up in the air,
this time going towards its intended target, being Mandel. Though before
it arrived, the shrinking spell ended, it reverted back to its original
size, and knocked Mandel off his feet. The chest was brought safely to
the other side of the bridge.

Now on the other side of the bridge, Oelera decided to unpetrify one of
the petrified running proto-dwarves to get some more information. She
successfully did so, but the person unpetrified and kept running,
straight into Oelera, knocking them both into the chasm. Oelera was able
to hold on to the side of the chasm, but the person was not and fell to
their death. Mandel and Kildrak helped her up and immediately, she
unpetrified another proto-dwarf, this time not standing in their way. It
was a female proto-dwarf, who was also exhausted and fainted not long
after being awoken. The group continued into the cavern before them,
which lead them into a massive open cavern in which a city was built.
From their vantage point, they could see the whole city below, and
noticed a stream of proto-dwarves petrified mid-run, running in their
direction, towards the bridge. They could also see a massive green blob
in the exact center of the city.

Setting foot into the city, they came upon a dwarven woman named [Elga
Everend](/Elga_Everend "wikilink"), who instructed them to hand over
their chest to her. She claimed to work with Husgan and didn't want them
to get any closer. But the group did not give the chest to her, and
insisted on handing the chest over to Husgan in person. Elga yielded and
brought them to Husgan, who was busy trying to break through the green
glob, which they could now see was a massive building encased in green
dragon glass. Both Oelera and Mandel didn't feel right handing over the
chest to him, sensing evil magic nearby, but duty bound, they gave in
and handed over the chest and the key.

Husgan and Elga opened the chest and revealed from it a large dragon's
talon, a wooden rigging of sorts, and a vial containing green liquid.
Husgan informed them that they finished their mission and, upon some
insisting from Mandel, wrote them a letter for their commanding officer
relieving them of the mission. The group turned around and began their
journey back towards the upper levels while Husgan and Elga placed the
dragon's talon in the rigging, constructing a sort of battering ram with
the talon as the impact point. As they crested the hill overlooking the
city, they heard a loud crashing sound and a wind erupted from the
center of the city, carrying upon it an evil magic. Mandel and Kildrak
bolted across the bridge while Oelera headed back into the city,
determined to defeat this evil as her god would have commanded her.

Mandel and Kildrak exited the bridge on the other side and continued
running across the ledge near the chasm towards the upper levels. Oelera
entered the center of the city where the green glob now lay on the
ground in a million splintered fragments. A large building now stood in
its place, its door slightly opened. Husgan and Elga stood petrified in
front of the door with a look of terror on their faces, the dragon's
talon and bottle of dragon fire lay beside them. She picked up the
bottle of dragon fire from the ground, and, undaunted, opened the door
and peered inside. A long hallway lined with petrified proto-dwarves and
a living proto-dwarven man revealed themselves before her. The figure
walked towards her, speaking the proto-dwarven language, which she could
not understand except the word "fool". She attacked him, struck him, but
the blow did not seem to have much of an effect. The proto-dwarven man
grasped Oelera and cast a spell, paralyzing her. Clutching his grasp
tighter, he cast another spell and petrified her where she stood. As she
turned to stone, the bottle of dragon fire fell onto the ground, broke
and instantly encased them both in a glob of dragon glass.

Mandel and Kildrak eventually made it back to the upper levels where
they finished their mission and debriefed. None of the mission's details
were ever shared to anyone but those who absolutely needed to know.
Oelera and the proto-dwarven figure are still encased at the deepest
depths of Moradin's Fist, waiting to be revived one day.

[Category:Campaigns](/Category:Campaigns "wikilink")
[Category:History](/Category:History "wikilink")
[Category:Lore](/Category:Lore "wikilink")