The Drenthe family is an ancient [Brinnian](/Brinnar "wikilink") family
that once held the title of nobility.

__TOC__

## Overview

Though having lost their estate, land, and title in the [Brinnar-Falios
war of independence](/War_for_Freedom "wikilink"), the Drenthe family is
one of the oldest Brinnian families still in existence and a
recognizable name in the history of the [Merion
Region](/:Category:Merion_Region "wikilink"). Much of the territory lost
by the Drenthe family now lies deep within the borders of Falios. Most
of the Drenthe family members gave up on their claims of nobility a long
time ago and assumed a normal lifestyle. However, the most prominent
branch of the Drenthe family still clings to the old claims of nobility.
The rest of this article is about this branch of the family.

`                 Francis of Drenthe ┬ Morgana Dalios†`
`                   ┌────────────────┴───────────────────┐`
`Henrick of Drenthe ┴ Carmina de Espacio        Mildred of Drenthe†`

## Francis of Drenthe

[thumb|right|250px|Colonel Kurtz was a major inspiration for this
character, with a bit of Hitler mixed in.](/File:Kurtz.jpeg "wikilink")

Francis lost his wife Morgana to the greataxe of an executioner after he
found her gazing over a servant boy one evening at dinner. He gouged out
her eyes and dragged her into the town square where he publicly accused
her of adultery in front of all to see, including his young children.
Morgana was bound to a statue in the center of the town where she was
left for five days until she was executed. Francis raised his children,
Henrick and Mildred as he pleased without the influence of anyone else.

Francis has been described by many as calm, but brutal. His orations are
powerful and full of poisonous language meant to manipulate others to
his worldview. He is not necessarily racist, but he uses racism as a
tool for power since he realized that humans are by nature xenophobic.
Though he has little sympathy for others, he loves his children, and is
happy that they understand his positions in life. Those close to him
fear that he has "lost it" somewhat, that his mind has become corrupted.
Francis himself is fully aware of his eccentricities and attributes them
to who he is as a person, his values, and his beliefs.

Hearing the news about the death of his daughter Mildred invigorated him
to take stronger action in the region, and since this happened, the
Human Trinity has risen to become much stronger than before. The horror
of how she died served as the catalyst to take action in the region and
move from a small group of racist misfits to an organized military force
hellbent on taking over the region.

### Henrick of Drenthe

Henrick of Drenthe is the eldest of the two siblings (approximately 25
years old), married to Carmina de Espacio, an
[Esparvan](/Esparva "wikilink") lady of nobility. Henrick has inherited
much of his father's drive for power and also sees racism as a tool for
power through the Human Trinity's actions. He currently serves as his
father's right hand political man and has no military prowess or
training. He has, however come up with the plans for the human trinity
weapon and is the mastermind behind the tactics that have been used in
conquering Brinnar.

**DM Note:** this character should be killable in one or a few shots
from 5th or 6th level characters and his death serves mostly as a
trigger to piss off Francis.

### Mildred of Drenthe

Mildred of Drenthe was the youngest of the two siblings, killed by
[Braggish Prod'ash](/Braggish_Prod'ash "wikilink") using his greataxe.
Her body could not be recovered since it had exploded into a fine mist
of blood near a campsite.

She was 21 years old when she was killed.

## Founding of the Human Trinity

Soon after losing his wife, Francis began conspiring with other ancient
tri-country families to reclaim their lost power. Together, they founded
the paramilitary human-supremacy group named the Human Trinity. The
xenophobic facet of the group was chosen with intent to drive
recruitment in the human-dominated region. Mildred and Henrick soon
followed in their father's footsteps and became high ranking officers
within the organization.

Henrick quickly rose to become his father's right-hand man and found
himself more attracted to ruling and politics than militant activities.
Mildred, however, lost herself in the military aspect of the Human
Trinity and forewent a life of her own, dedicating every moment of her
life to the group.

## Base of Operation

Francis moved into the ruins of [Rayna's
Castle](/Rayna's_Castle "wikilink") with Henrick as his right-hand
political advisor. Over the years, they rebuilt the castle to its former
glory and recruited many locals to their cause, with Mildred promoting
this cause through action.

[Category:Characters](/Category:Characters "wikilink")
[Category:History](/Category:History "wikilink")
[Category:Lore](/Category:Lore "wikilink")
[Category:Brinnar](/Category:Brinnar "wikilink")